# group no. 37
# The focus area is the life circle of materials in the building. In the PM report on page 20 there is a figure that shows the distribution of GWP for the building. The figure shows that beams and columns contribute to 10 percent of the total GWP. The LCA calculation for the PM report is made in LCA-byg, where the amount of beams and columns are inputted, this is listed in the PM appendix. There are four types of composite beams listed with their corresponding amount in meters. 
# The IFC model can provide various information about the materials that are used, including the length. Here the focus will be kept on the following 4 types of beams: D22-400, D50-500, DR26-230 and DR22-250. A small code is written in order to check if the amount of beams listed in the appendix, correspond to the amount in the model.
# The structural model is imported and the 4 types of beams are stated. After the code loops through the the model type IfcBeams, it then loops through the properties for each beam and checks if their name correspond to any of the four beams of interest. If the beam appears it will take the property for the length and add it to the type. Finally the code prints 4 lines that describe the amounts of for each type of beam.
# the print from the code, this can then be compared with the claim taken from the appendix. The numbers are not entirely the same, and it also appears that DR26-230 and DR22-250 have been swapped either in the model or in the appendix.
# the code is located under rules and is named BeamRule.py
